so here is the exclusive is the formula
X this is what you call delete all is a
nail polish remover so claim 25
fingernail polish remover give nails a
clean slate in seconds um so we'll check
it out and as you can tell my nails are
very very bad and chippy so I'm gonna
take us all off and let's see how it
looks this one has not been released yet
but it is in the works of coming out and
it's exclusively only to sephora take
this oh you have a lid make sure you
have the lid so once you take off the
lid you see there is five holes one two
three four five and what you do because
they all five of your fingers in there
and this is basically a cushion like
well spongy cushions where it's actually
kind of soft where it will hydrate your
nails has the dust has acetone but as a
hydrating formula so this is number one
the directions is place fingers in five
finger soaked so we'll put all five my
fingers in there once I figure out where
all hold our hold on here we go
ok so I'll five my fingers are in there
and then it says aloud nail to soak for
hard to remove nail polish gently rub
nails against sponge while sponge Walt
for complete removal so mine is just a
solid color if you were to have glitters
on my mat you can wiggle your fingers in
the sponge just to get the nail polish
off and now it says I'm for number four
wash hands before it manicures and then
well I did have a little bit of a
glitter hair still I'm just going to
stick that back in and wiggle with it
more on the sponge against it and now
time for my other fingers so we'll make
sure everything's all first when wiggle
around so you basically just wiggling
around in the sponges against the sponge
so all my solid colors has came off it's
just the glittered ahead and come off so
the glitter you do have to put a little
bit more of a pressure which is okay to
me because that's actually pretty good
and if you are nail savvy and you have
no time to basically re like take off
all your nail polish colors because it
takes forever when you use regular one
by one and then this is very innovate
innovative because it's like five holes
and does one hand really fast something
that's pretty good and it doesn't leave
that white residue you know how I'm and
use acetone it does tend to leave that
white cast finish where I looks really
completely dry and drying out your
cuticle this one doesn't seem to do that
at all which I am amazed so you see how
this has a glitter and this one is just
basically regular solid colors and we're
going to stick it ending in so this time
must count how many seconds it takes 0 1
2 3
four five six seven eight nine ten so
let's do 10 seconds and see how it goes
well ten seconds this is what I got my
glitter still left over a little bit
which is ok but my nail beds feel really
soft all the colors pretty much off my
nail beds already um yeah is it for the
thumb I thought I wasn't really wiggling
much because I'm not used to it yet but
do go ahead and stick it back in and
wiggled and take it off so yeah that's
really good I'm really impressed that's
how the aftermath looks like all right
so it's all off amazing so that was the
demo quick demo of the formula X delete
all nail polish remover they do have the
regular one right now in stores which is
a one finger tip exa for collection but
is not my formula X the formula x one
they have the regular fluid where you
have to pump the top to get the liquid
out it works the same way is that you do
have to work one at a time this one if
you're in a hurry and you are more of a
busy woman or busy client whoever you
are this I recommend because liquid nail
beds is not leaving that yucky white
residue at all and it's still soft my
nail beds so definitely I highly
recommend and I believe this retails for
fourteen dollars and they are coming out
with nail wipes where it takes off a
nail polish so you are if you are
someone who's busy and on the go and
travels a lot and you know how you can't
carry this big liquid on the plane or
anything like that definitely get the
liquids I mean the sorry definitely get
the remover wipes for nail polish
there's gonna be the same pretty much
same formulation just say you do have to
rub a little harder and
yeah so this one is really good if you
do nails a lot feel free to do that get
one of this it's pretty big I want to
say it claims to last the shelf life is
12 months or a year basically but if you
do it if you do use this very constant
like I'm on a regular basis I will
suggest toss it with in like six months
or when you feel that your sponge you
start to deteriorate you toss it is
happening a new one and don't refill
fluids in here just by trying to save a
penny and just get a new one because
Yogi's much happier trust me so I will
see you later I